hey how's it going Dave 2d here so I
want to do a quick video on the pixel to
excel this isn't a review I feel like
there's a lot of really good reviews out
there particularly márquez's that's an
excellent video if you haven't seen it
but I wanted to touch on something that
I feel is the issue surrounding this
phone which is it's screen so let's talk
about a couple of the good things it's
an excellent phone if you're interested
in stock Android phones like this is
it's everything you would imagine the
pixel to excel to be and maybe a little
bit more because the software is so good
the one thing that sticks out in
particular for me is how good the
software is on the camera it's a single
lens and the camera in general is really
good but I want to focus on the big
thing that is for me the screen now this
phone if it didn't have the controversy
surrounding its screen I think a lot of
publications and reviewers would
consider this to be the perfect Android
phone because there's so much that this
thing does right but because of the
screen there is I guess doubt in the
consumers mind as to whether or not they
should purchase it as to whether or not
this is actually a good phone because
the screen is such an important part of
your phone experience you use your
screen every time you use your phone and
a lot of people would consider it to be
the most important part of a phone so
there's three issues that are
surrounding this screen the first is the
issue of burnin on the screen some
people are noticing that just residual
artifacts on their screen from the UI
and this is actually a very common issue
with OLED screens it doesn't matter what
panel you're using if it's an OLED panel
there is a risk of burnin this has
existed since the beginning of OLED
panels on phones as for my particular
phone I don't have any burning yet but
it's only been used for a couple of
weeks I feel like over time it's gonna
pop up and when it does I'm just gonna
live with it because almost every single
phone that I've used that had an OLED
display has developed some kind of
artefacts over time that's just the
nature of the panel's now the good thing
is that Google has addressed this if
kind of like squash people's fear of
this by giving two year warranties on
these phones which is crazy like I don't
think there's been any other phone it
could be wrong but I don't think there
is any other phone that comes with a
stock warranty of two years on Hardware
that's amazing so if you have issues
down the line I feel like Google is
going to
care of it the other issue that they
addressed is the washed out colors and I
would agree the pixel to excel launched
with a very flat color profile and even
as someone who prefers more realistic
colors and just not overly saturated
stuff I still found this one a little
bit dull so it's nice that Google is
addressing it now the last thing want to
talk about is the whole blue shift when
you tilt it and this is obviously a real
issue I think a lot of people are
getting this right out of the box and
here's the thing I think it's another
thing that's been kind of over
sensationalized because of how good
everything else on this film is people
just want to find something to pick up
out on this phone and the color shift is
it's there but so many phones have some
kind of color shift now I think there is
some variation depending on the unit
that you have like there are some
defective units out there maybe that
exhibit in a more pronounced color shift
when you tilt it my unit is pretty
decent and when it compared to any of
the flagships here so this is like a
samsung s8 the v30 like they all have
some degree of color shift and I
wouldn't say that the pixel to excel at
least not my unit is significantly worse
than the other phones not that it
doesn't exist because it is present but
it's not terrible or anything at least
not to me
now the reason why all this matter is
this total discussion about the screen
being imperfect is because the price of
the foam is $850 it's not cheap and at
this price point I guess the consumer
expects some degree of perfection not
that perfect phones exist but they want
this screen to be as good as possible
and therein lies the problem with pixel
phones with pixel Hardware in general
you're paying for the amazing ecosystem
that the software provides you're not
paying for a top and hardware if you're
looking for the top line Hardware
there's a ton of other options out there
to choose from but you're not going to
get that with pixel phones so if you're
purchasing this phone make sure you're
purchasing for the right reason because
if you're not if you're trying to get
like amazing hardware you're in for a
bad time but if you're going for a
softer ride this is a great phone okay
hope you guys enjoyed this video thumbs
we liked it
subs we loved it see you guys next time
[Music]